Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to configure the Knox Manage kiosk profile.
A 'kiosk' is a mobile device pre-configured to provide a customized
and controlled experience for users and customers.
With Knox Manage,
IT admins can easily create profiles that allow
devices to operate as either a single-app
or a multi-app kiosk,
and quickly deploy to devices in the fleet.
So, if you’re ready to learn about
this great feature, let’s get started.
Before you begin, you will need:
An account at samsungknox.com.
Access to the Knox Manage console, and
One or more devices in your fleet that can be deployed as a kiosk
Once you’re ready to begin,
sign into your account at samsungknox.com
Locate the Knox Manage widget and click Launch console.
This will take you to the Knox Manage console.
Let’s create a new configuration by selecting Kiosk
from the left navigation menu, then clicking Add.
With Knox Manage, you can create
two types of kiosk configurations.
A Multi App Kiosk lets you
configure a device with more than one application,
and can be customized
with branding-specific wallpapers and colors.
A Single App Kiosk provides a much simpler
configuration where only one application
can be launched
from the device’s home screen.
Let’s start with creating a Multi App Kiosk.
then select Multi App Kiosk and click OK.
This opens the Kiosk wizard.
First, enter a name for your Multi App Kiosk
and verify that the package name has been set.
Next, configure the appearance of the kiosk
by choosing the device’s orientation and grid,
and changing optional advanced settings like the background wallpaper,
screen composition, and more.
In our example, we’ll go to Advanced Settings to ensure
that the status bar is displayed.
If we want kiosk users to be able to access common device settings
like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or Airplane Mode,
enable these in the Advanced Settings Device Settings pop-up.
Let’s now add a few apps to our kiosk
by simply dragging and dropping the app icons
to the preview area.
Once you’ve added the necessary apps and configured
the kiosk to your liking.
click Save then OK
It may take a moment for Knox Manage to build the kiosk configuration.
Once complete, the configuration will appear in the kiosk list.
When you’re ready to deploy the kiosk configuration to your enrolled devices,
select Profile from the left navigation menu.
On the profile page, click Add
then give your new profile a name and select the device platform.
Click Save & Set Policy to continue.
On the Set Policy page, select Kiosk in the Android Enterprise sub menu.
In the Kiosk App Settings field, select the type of kiosk
that you want to deploy to your devices.
Since we just created a multi app kiosk, we’ll select that here.
We’ll then need to add the kiosk configuration we just created.
In Set Application, click Add and select your kiosk from the list.
After you select your kiosk configuration,
proceed with additional policy settings like whether
you want users to access utilities,
or whether you want the screen to turn on automatically when the device is plugged in.
If you want the kiosk configuration to be deleted from the device once
the policy gets removed Knox Manage,
then allow this option here.
When you’re finished with setting the policy, click Save & Assign, then OK.
Under the Group tab, select the target group to assign the profile to,
then click Assign & Apply.
A confirmation window appears with a summary of your profile.
Let’s now create a Single App Kiosk.
Rather than navigate back to the Kiosk page
you can alternately create a kiosk configuration while creating a new profile.
From the Profile menu, click Add, then enter the profile name,
select the platform, then click Save & Set Policy.
Select Kiosk in the Android Enterprise sub menu,
then select Single App in the Kiosk App Settings field.
Next to Set Application, click Add New.
This launches the Kiosk wizard in a pop up window.
Give your single app kiosk configuration a name,
and make changes to the device settings as required.
Click OK to confirm to push the changes to your devices.
Locate the app that you want to add to the device,
then drag and drop the app icon into the preview area.
Click Save, then OK to build the kiosk configuration
and return to the Set Policy screen.
Proceed with additional kiosk policy settings as needed.
When finished with the settings, Click Save & Assign, then OK.
Under the Group tab
select the target group to assign the profile to, then click Assign & Apply.
A confirmation window appears with a summary of your profile.
Click OK to confirm, to push the changes to your devices.
Once a device receives a kiosk profile,
it continues to operate in kiosk mode until either an administrator removes the policy,
or a kiosk “escape” is initiated from the device.
If the device needs to exit out of kiosk mode,
and a server connection is unavailable,
an end-user or local administrator can exit the kiosk by tapping the information icon
and selecting Exit Kiosk on the About Kiosk screen.
The user will be prompted to enter an Exit Kiosk Code,
which can be obtained from the Knox Manage console.
To obtain the code, navigate to Device on the Knox Manage console,
then select the relevant Device Name from the list.
In the Security tab, locate Kiosk Mode Status and find the Exit Kiosk Code.
Once the code is entered in the device, the kiosk is removed.
To re-enter kiosk mode on the device,
the IT admin must re-apply the kiosk profile using Knox Manage.
This concludes our walkthrough of how to configure kiosk profiles
and apply them to devices using Knox Manage.
Once your kiosk devices are fully deployed in the field,
IT admins can provide end-users with live support
and troubleshooting using our Knox Remote Support features.
We’ll provide a link to another training video about this great feature at the end of this video.
For more information about the kiosk features in Knox Manage
or about other Knox services,
please visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching.